---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_all_keys Data Source - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List a Project's Client Keys.
---

# sentry_all_keys (Data Source)

List a Project's Client Keys.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List a Project's Client Keys
data "sentry_all_keys" "all" {
  organization = "my-organization"
  project      = "web-app"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `organization` (String) The organization the resource belongs to.
- `project` (String) The project the resource belongs to.

### Optional

- `filter_status` (String) Filter client keys by `active` or `inactive`. Defaults to returning all keys if not specified.

### Read-Only

- `keys` (Attributes List) The list of client keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys))

<a id="nestedatt--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys`

Read-Only:

- `dsn` (Map of String) This is a map of DSN values. The keys include `public`, `secret`, `csp`, `security`, `minidump`, `nel`, `unreal`, `cdn`, and `crons`.
- `dsn_csp` (String, Deprecated) Security header endpoint for features like CSP and Expect-CT reports. **Deprecated** Use `dsn["csp"]` instead.
- `dsn_public` (String, Deprecated) The DSN tells the SDK where to send the events to. **Deprecated** Use `dsn["public"]` instead.
- `dsn_secret` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated DSN includes a secret which is no longer required by newer SDK versions. If you are unsure which to use, follow installation instructions for your language. **Deprecated** Use `dsn["secret"] instead.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `javascript_loader_script` (Attributes) The JavaScript loader script configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys--javascript_loader_script))
- `name` (String) The name of the client key.
- `organization` (String) The slug of the organization the resource belongs to.
- `project` (String) The slug of the project the resource belongs to.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project that the key belongs to.
- `public` (String) The public key.
- `rate_limit_count` (Number) Number of events that can be reported within the rate limit window.
- `rate_limit_window` (Number) Length of time in seconds that will be considered when checking the rate limit.
- `secret` (String) The secret key.

<a id="nestedatt--keys--javascript_loader_script"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.javascript_loader_script`

Read-Only:

- `browser_sdk_version` (String) The version of the browser SDK to load. Valid values are `7.x` and `8.x`.
- `debug_enabled` (Boolean) Whether debug bundles & logging are enabled for this key.
- `performance_monitoring_enabled` (Boolean) Whether performance monitoring is enabled for this key.
- `session_replay_enabled` (Boolean) Whether session replay is enabled for this key.
