---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_cron_monitor Data Source - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by New Monitors and Alerts https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/ and may not be viewable in the UI today.
  Retrieve a Cron Monitor.
---

# sentry_cron_monitor (Data Source)

⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by [New Monitors and Alerts](https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/) and may not be viewable in the UI today.

Retrieve a Cron Monitor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sentry_cron_monitor" "test" {
  organization = "my-org"
  id           = "123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The internal ID of the monitor.
- `organization` (String) The organization slug or internal ID of the monitor.

### Read-Only

- `checkin_margin_minutes` (Number) Grace period. The number of minutes before a check-in is considered missed.
- `description` (String) The description of the monitor.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the monitor is enabled.
- `failure_issue_threshold` (Number) Failure tolerance. Create a new issue when this many consecutive missed or error check-ins are processed.
- `max_runtime_minutes` (Number) Maximum runtime. The number of minutes before an in-progress check-in is marked timed out.
- `name` (String) The name of the monitor.
- `owner` (Attributes) Sentry will assign new issues to this assignee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `project_id` (String) The internal ID of the project this monitor belongs to.
- `recovery_threshold` (Number) Recovery Tolerance. Resolve the issue when this many consecutive healthy check-ins are processed. Either `crontab` or `interval_value` and `interval_unit` must be provided.
- `schedule` (Attributes) Schedule for the cron monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schedule))
- `timezone` (String) The timezone of the cron monitor.

<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `team_id` (String) The team internal ID to assign new issues to.
- `user_id` (String) The user internal ID to assign new issues to.


<a id="nestedatt--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `crontab` (String) Crontab expression for the cron monitor.
- `interval_unit` (String) Interval unit for the cron monitor.
- `interval_value` (Number) Interval value for the cron monitor.
