---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_metric_monitor Data Source - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by New Monitors and Alerts https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/ and may not be viewable in the UI today.
  Retrieve a Metric Monitor for a Project.
---

# sentry_metric_monitor (Data Source)

⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by [New Monitors and Alerts](https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/) and may not be viewable in the UI today.

Retrieve a Metric Monitor for a Project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sentry_metric_monitor" "test" {
  organization = "my-org"
  id           = "123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The internal ID of the monitor.
- `organization` (String) The organization slug or internal ID of the monitor.

### Read-Only

- `aggregate` (String) Aggregate query to run on the metric.
- `condition_group` (Attributes) Issue detection condition group configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--condition_group))
- `dataset` (String) Dataset to run the aggregate query on.
- `description` (String) The description of the monitor.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the monitor is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment to run the aggregate query on.
- `event_types` (Set of String) Event types to run the aggregate query on.
- `extrapolation_mode` (String) Extrapolation mode to use for the aggregate query.
- `issue_detection` (Attributes) The issue detection type configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--issue_detection))
- `name` (String) The name of the monitor.
- `owner` (Attributes) Sentry will assign new issues to this assignee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `project_id` (String) The internal ID of the project this monitor belongs to.
- `query` (String) An event search query to subscribe to and monitor for alerts.
- `query_type` (String) The type of query.`
- `time_window_seconds` (Number) The time window in seconds to use for the aggregate query.

<a id="nestedatt--condition_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_group`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Issue detection conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--condition_group--conditions))
- `logic_type` (String) The logic to apply to the conditions. `any` will evaluate all conditions, and return true if any of those are met. `any-short` will stop evaluating conditions as soon as one is met. `all` will evaluate all conditions, and return true if all of those are met. `none` will return true if none of the conditions are met, will return false immediately if any are met.

<a id="nestedatt--condition_group--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_group.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `comparison` (Number) The value to compare against. Only available for types other than `anomaly_detection`.
- `comparison_sensitivity` (String) Level of anomaly responsiveness. Higher thresholds means alerts for most anomalies. Lower thresholds means alerts only for larger ones. Only available for `anomaly_detection` type.
- `comparison_threshold_type` (String) Alert to anomalies that are moving above, below, or in both directions in relation to your threshold. Only available for `anomaly_detection` type.
- `condition_result` (Number) When the condition is met, the result will be set to this value.
- `type` (String) The type of condition.



<a id="nestedatt--issue_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issue_detection`

Read-Only:

- `comparison_delta` (Number) The comparison delta in seconds to use for the aggregate query. Only available for `percent` type.
- `type` (String) `static`: Threshold based monitor; `percent`: Change based monitor; `dynamic`: Dynamic monitor.


<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `team_id` (String) The team internal ID to assign new issues to.
- `user_id` (String) The user internal ID to assign new issues to.
