---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_uptime_monitor Data Source - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by New Monitors and Alerts https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/ and may not be viewable in the UI today.
  Retrieve an Uptime Monitor for a Project.
---

# sentry_uptime_monitor (Data Source)

⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by [New Monitors and Alerts](https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/) and may not be viewable in the UI today.

Retrieve an Uptime Monitor for a Project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sentry_uptime_monitor" "test" {
  organization = "my-org"
  id           = "123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The internal ID of the monitor.
- `organization` (String) The organization slug or internal ID of the monitor.

### Read-Only

- `assertion_json` (String) Define conditions that must be met for the check to be considered successful.
- `body` (String) The request body to send. Only applicable for methods that support a body.
- `description` (String) The description of the monitor.
- `downtime_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive failed checks required to mark monitor as down.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the monitor is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Name of the environment to create uptime issues in.
- `headers` (Map of String) The headers to send with the request.
- `interval_seconds` (Number) The amount of time between each uptime check request.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the request.
- `name` (String) The name of the monitor.
- `owner` (Attributes) Sentry will assign new issues to this assignee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))
- `project_id` (String) The internal ID of the project this monitor belongs to.
- `recovery_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive successful checks required to mark monitor as recovered.
- `timeout_ms` (Number) The request timeout in milliseconds.
- `url` (String) The URL to monitor.

<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Read-Only:

- `team_id` (String) The team internal ID to assign new issues to.
- `user_id` (String) The user internal ID to assign new issues to.
