---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_alert Resource - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by New Monitors and Alerts https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/ and may not be viewable in the UI today.
  Create an Alert for an Organization.
---

# sentry_alert (Resource)

⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by [New Monitors and Alerts](https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/) and may not be viewable in the UI today.

Create an Alert for an Organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# TODO
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action_filters` (Attributes List) The filters to run before the action will fire and the action(s) to fire. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters))
- `environment` (String) Name of the environment to create alerts in.
- `frequency_minutes` (Number) How often the alert should fire in minutes.
- `monitor_ids` (Set of String) The IDs of the monitors to create alerts for.
- `name` (String) The name of this alert.
- `organization` (String) The organization slug or internal ID to create the alert for.
- `trigger_conditions` (Set of String) The conditions on which the alert will trigger. Valid values are: `first_seen_event`, `issue_resolved_trigger`, `reappeared_event`, and `regression_event`.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the alert is enabled. Defaults to true.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal ID of this alert.

<a id="nestedatt--action_filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters`

Required:

- `actions` (Attributes List) TODO (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions))
- `logic_type` (String) The logic to apply to the conditions. Valid values are: `any`, `any-short`, `all`, and `none`.

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) TODO (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions))

<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions`

Optional:

- `discord` (Attributes) Notify on Discord. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--discord))
- `email` (Attributes) Notify on Preferred Channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--email))
- `github` (Attributes) Create a GitHub issue. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--github))
- `jira` (Attributes) Create a Jira ticket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--jira))
- `jira_server` (Attributes) Create a Jira Server ticket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--jira_server))
- `msteams` (Attributes) Notify on Microsoft Teams. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--msteams))
- `opsgenie` (Attributes) Notify on OpsGenie. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--opsgenie))
- `pagerduty` (Attributes) Notify on PagerDuty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--pagerduty))
- `plugin` (Attributes) Send a notification to all legacy integrations (plugins). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--plugin))
- `slack` (Attributes) Notify on Slack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--slack))
- `vsts` (Attributes) Notify on Azure DevOps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--actions--vsts))

<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--discord"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.discord`

Required:

- `channel_id` (String) The ID of the Discord channel to send the notification to.
- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the Discord integration.

Optional:

- `tags` (String) A list of tags to show in the notification.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.email`

Required:

- `target_type` (String) The type of recipient to notify. Valid values are: `issue_owners`, `team`, and `user`.

Optional:

- `fallthrough_type` (String) The type of fallthrough to apply when choosing to notify issue owners. Only required if the target type is `issue_owners`. Valid values are: `AllMembers`, `ActiveMembers`, and `NoOne`.
- `target_id` (String) The internal ID of the user or team. Only required if the target type is `team` or `user`.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--github"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.github`

Required:

- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the GitHub integration.
- `repo` (String) The name of the repository to create the issue in.

Optional:

- `assignee` (String) The GitHub user to assign the issue to.
- `labels` (Set of String) A list of labels to assign to the issue.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--jira"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.jira`

Required:

- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the Jira integration.

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String) A list of any fields you want to include in the ticket as objects.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--jira_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.jira_server`

Required:

- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the Jira Server integration.

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String) A list of any fields you want to include in the ticket as objects.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--msteams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.msteams`

Required:

- `channel_name` (String) The name of the Microsoft Teams channel to send the notification to.
- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the Microsoft Teams integration.
- `team_id` (String) The integration ID associated with the Microsoft Teams team.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--opsgenie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.opsgenie`

Required:

- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the OpsGenie integration.
- `priority` (String) The priority level for the notification.
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the Opsgenie team to send the notification to.
- `team_name` (String) The name of the Opsgenie team.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--pagerduty"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.pagerduty`

Required:

- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the PagerDuty integration.
- `service_id` (String) The ID of the PagerDuty service.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service to create the ticket in.
- `severity` (String) The PagerDuty severity level for the notification.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--plugin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.plugin`


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--slack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.slack`

Required:

- `channel_name` (String) The name of the Slack channel to send the notification to (e.g., #critical, Jane Schmidt).
- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the Slack integration.

Optional:

- `channel_id` (String) The Slack channel ID to send the notification to. This is an optional field that can be used to avoid rate-limiting.
- `notes` (String) Text to show alongside the notification. To @ a user, include their user id like `@<USER_ID>`. To include a clickable link, format the link and title like `<http://example.com|Click Here>`.
- `tags` (String) A list of tags to show in the notification.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--actions--vsts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.actions.vsts`

Required:

- `integration_id` (String) The ID of the OpsGenie integration.

Optional:

- `data` (Map of String) A list of any fields you want to include in the ticket as objects.



<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions`

Optional:

- `age_comparison` (Attributes) Issue age. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--age_comparison))
- `assigned_to` (Attributes) Issue assignment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--assigned_to))
- `event_attribute` (Attributes) The event's `attribute` value `match` `value`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_attribute))
- `event_frequency_count` (Attributes) Number of events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_frequency_count))
- `event_frequency_percent` (Attributes) Percent of events. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_frequency_percent))
- `event_unique_user_frequency_count` (Attributes) Number of users affected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_unique_user_frequency_count))
- `issue_category` (Attributes) Issue category. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_category))
- `issue_occurrences` (Attributes) Issue frequency. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_occurrences))
- `issue_priority_deescalating` (Attributes) De-escalation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_priority_deescalating))
- `issue_priority_greater_or_equal` (Attributes) Issue priority. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_priority_greater_or_equal))
- `latest_adopted_release` (Attributes) The `release_age_type` adopted release associated with the event's issue is `age_comparison` than the latest adopted release in `environment`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--latest_adopted_release))
- `latest_release` (Attributes) The event is from the latest release. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--latest_release))
- `level` (Attributes) The event's level match `level`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--level))
- `percent_sessions_count` (Attributes) Percentage of sessions affected count. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--percent_sessions_count))
- `percent_sessions_percent` (Attributes) Percentage of sessions affected percent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--percent_sessions_percent))
- `tagged_event` (Attributes) The event's tags `key` match `value`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--tagged_event))

<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--age_comparison"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.age_comparison`

Required:

- `comparison_type` (String) Valid values are: `older`, and `newer`.
- `time` (String) TODO Valid values are: `minute`, `hour`, `day`, and `week`.
- `value` (Number) TODO


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--assigned_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.assigned_to`

Optional:

- `target_id` (String) The internal ID of the user or team. Only required if the target type is `Member` or `Team`.
- `target_type` (String) Who the issue is assigned to. Valid values are: `Unassigned`, `Member`, and `Team`.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_attribute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.event_attribute`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) The attribute to evaluate.
- `match` (String) The match type.
- `value` (String) The value to compare against.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_frequency_count"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.event_frequency_count`

Required:

- `interval` (String) The time period in which to evaluate the value. e.g. Number of events in an issue is more than `value` in `interval`. Valid values are: `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, `1w`, and `30d`.
- `value` (Number) A positive integer representing the number of events in an issue that must come in before the alert will fire.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_frequency_percent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.event_frequency_percent`

Required:

- `comparison_interval` (String) The time period to compare against. Valid values are: `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, `1w`, and `30d`.
- `interval` (String) The time period in which to evaluate the value. e.g. Number of events in an issue is `comparisonInterval` percent higher `value` compared to `interval`. Valid values are: `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, `1w`, and `30d`.
- `value` (Number) A positive integer representing the number of events in an issue that must come in before the alert will fire.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_unique_user_frequency_count"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.event_unique_user_frequency_count`

Required:

- `interval` (String) The time period in which to evaluate the value. e.g. Number of users affected by an issue is more than `value` in `interval`. Valid values are: `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, `1w`, and `30d`.
- `value` (Number) A positive integer representing the number of users that must be affected before the alert will fire.

Optional:

- `filters` (Attributes List) A list of additional sub-filters to evaluate before the alert will fire. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_unique_user_frequency_count--filters))

<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--event_unique_user_frequency_count--filters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.event_unique_user_frequency_count.filters`

Optional:

- `attribute` (String) The attribute of the filter. Conflicts with `key`.
- `key` (String) The key of the filter. Conflicts with `attribute`.
- `match` (String) The match type of the filter.
- `value` (String) The value of the filter.



<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.issue_category`

Required:

- `value` (Number) The issue category to filter to.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_occurrences"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.issue_occurrences`

Required:

- `value` (Number) A positive integer representing how many times the issue has to happen before the alert will fire.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_priority_deescalating"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.issue_priority_deescalating`


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--issue_priority_greater_or_equal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.issue_priority_greater_or_equal`

Required:

- `comparison` (Number) he priority the issue must be for the alert to fire.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--latest_adopted_release"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.latest_adopted_release`

Required:

- `age_comparison` (String) The age comparison to use. Valid values are: `older`, and `newer`.
- `environment` (String) The environment to compare against.
- `release_age_type` (String) The release age type to use. Valid values are: `oldest`, and `newest`.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--latest_release"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.latest_release`


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--level"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.level`

Required:

- `level` (Number) The level to compare against.
- `match` (String) The comparison operator.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--percent_sessions_count"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.percent_sessions_count`

Required:

- `interval` (String) The time period in which to evaluate the value. e.g. Percentage of sessions affected by an issue is more than `value` in `interval`. Valid values are: `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, `1w`, and `30d`.
- `value` (Number) A positive integer representing the number of events in an issue that must come in before the alert will fire.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--percent_sessions_percent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.percent_sessions_percent`

Required:

- `comparison_interval` (String) The time period to compare against. Valid values are: `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, `1w`, and `30d`.
- `interval` (String) The time period in which to evaluate the value. e.g. Percentage of sessions affected by an issue is `comparisonInterval` percent higher `value` compared to `interval`. Valid values are: `1m`, `5m`, `15m`, `1h`, `1d`, `1w`, and `30d`.
- `value` (Number) A positive integer representing the number of events in an issue that must come in before the alert will fire.


<a id="nestedatt--action_filters--conditions--tagged_event"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action_filters.conditions.tagged_event`

Required:

- `key` (String) The tag value.
- `match` (String) The comparison operator.

Optional:

- `value` (String) A string. Not required when match is `is` or `ns`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# import using the organization and monitor id from the URL:
# https://[org-slug].sentry.io/monitors/alerts/[alert-id]/
terraform import sentry_alert.default org-slug/alert-id
```
