---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_metric_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by New Monitors and Alerts https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/ and may not be viewable in the UI today.
  Create a Metric Monitor for a Project.
---

# sentry_metric_monitor (Resource)

⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by [New Monitors and Alerts](https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/) and may not be viewable in the UI today.

Create a Metric Monitor for a Project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Issue Detection: Threshold
# Absolute-valued thresholds, for non-seasonal data.
resource "sentry_metric_monitor" "threshold" {
  organization = data.sentry_organization.default.slug
  project      = sentry_project.default.slug

  name = "My cron monitor"

  default_assignee = {
    team_id = sentry_team.default.internal_id
  }

  aggregate   = "count()"
  dataset     = "events"
  event_types = ["default", "error"]

  condition_group = {
    conditions = [
      {
        type             = "gt"
        comparison       = 100
        condition_result = 75
      },
      {
        type             = "lte"
        comparison       = 50
        condition_result = 0
      },
    ]
  }

  issue_detection = {
    type = "static"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aggregate` (String) Aggregate query to run on the metric.
- `condition_group` (Attributes) Issue detection condition group configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--condition_group))
- `dataset` (String) Dataset to run the aggregate query on. Valid values are: `events`, `transactions`, `discover`, `outcomes`, `outcomes_raw`, `sessions`, `metrics`, `generic_metrics`, `replays`, `profiles`, `search_issues`, `functions`, `spans`, and `events_analytics_platform`.
- `event_types` (Set of String) Event types to run the aggregate query on.
- `issue_detection` (Attributes) The issue detection type configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--issue_detection))
- `name` (String) The name of this monitor.
- `organization` (String) The organization slug or internal ID to create the monitor for.
- `project` (String) The project slug or internal ID to create the monitor for.

### Optional

- `default_assignee` (Attributes) Sentry will assign new issues to this assignee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_assignee))
- `description` (String) A description of the monitor. Will be used in the resulting issue.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the monitor is enabled. Defaults to true.
- `environment` (String) Environment to run the aggregate query on.
- `extrapolation_mode` (String) Extrapolation mode to use for the aggregate query. Valid values are: `unknown`, `none`, `client_and_server_weighted`, and `server_weighted`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal ID of this monitor.

<a id="nestedatt--condition_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_group`

Required:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Issue detection conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--condition_group--conditions))

Optional:

- `logic_type` (String) The logic to apply to the conditions. Valid values are: `any`, `any-short`, `all`, and `none`.

<a id="nestedatt--condition_group--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_group.conditions`

Required:

- `comparison` (Number) TODO
- `condition_result` (Number) TODO
- `type` (String) TODO Valid values are: `eq`, `gte`, `gt`, `lte`, `lt`, `ne`, `anomaly_detection`, `age_comparison`, `assigned_to`, `event_attribute`, `event_created_by_detector`, `event_seen_count`, `existing_high_priority_issue`, `first_seen_event`, `issue_category`, `issue_occurrences`, `issue_open_duration`, `issue_priority_equals`, `issue_priority_deescalating`, `issue_priority_greater_or_equal`, `issue_resolution_change`, `issue_resolved_trigger`, `issue_type`, `latest_adopted_release`, `latest_release`, `level`, `new_high_priority_issue`, `reappeared_event`, `regression_event`, `tagged_event`, `event_frequency_count`, `event_frequency_percent`, `event_unique_user_frequency_count`, `event_unique_user_frequency_percent`, `percent_sessions_count`, `percent_sessions_percent`, and `every_event`.



<a id="nestedatt--issue_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `issue_detection`

Required:

- `type` (String) `static`: Threshold based monitor; `percent`: Change based monitor; `dynamic`: Dynamic monitor. Valid values are: `static`, `percent`, and `dynamic`.

Optional:

- `comparison_delta` (Number) The comparison delta in seconds to use for the aggregate query. Only required for `percent` type.


<a id="nestedatt--default_assignee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_assignee`

Optional:

- `team_id` (String) The team internal ID to assign new issues to. Conflicts with `user_id`.
- `user_id` (String) The user ID to assign new issues to. Conflicts with `team_id`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# import using the organization and monitor id from the URL:
# https://[org-slug].sentry.io/monitors/[monitor-id]/
# project slug is also required
terraform import sentry_metric_monitor.default org-slug/project-slug/monitor-id
```
