---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_metric_alert Resource - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Sentry Metric Alert resource.
---

# sentry_metric_alert (Resource)

Sentry Metric Alert resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aggregate` (String) The aggregation criteria to apply
- `name` (String) The metric alert name.
- `organization` (String) The slug of the organization the metric alert belongs to.
- `project` (String) The slug of the project to create the metric alert for.
- `query` (String) The query filter to apply
- `threshold_type` (Number) The type of threshold
- `time_window` (Number) The period to evaluate the Alert rule in minutes
- `trigger` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger))

### Optional

- `dataset` (String) The Sentry Alert category
- `environment` (String) Perform Alert rule in a specific environment
- `owner` (String) Specifies the owner id of this Alert rule
- `resolve_threshold` (Number) The value at which the Alert rule resolves

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `internal_id` (String) The internal ID for this metric alert.
- `projects` (List of String)

<a id="nestedblock--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger`

Required:

- `alert_threshold` (Number)
- `label` (String)
- `threshold_type` (Number)

Optional:

- `action` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger--action))
- `resolve_threshold` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--trigger--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger.action`

Required:

- `target_identifier` (String)
- `target_type` (String)
- `type` (String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


