---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sentry_uptime_monitor Resource - terraform-provider-sentry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by New Monitors and Alerts https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/ and may not be viewable in the UI today.
  Create an Uptime Monitor for a Project.
---

# sentry_uptime_monitor (Resource)

⚠️ This resource is currently in beta and may be subject to change. It is supported by [New Monitors and Alerts](https://docs.sentry.io/product/new-monitors-and-alerts/) and may not be viewable in the UI today.

Create an Uptime Monitor for a Project.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment` (String) Name of the environment to create uptime issues in.
- `interval_seconds` (Number) The amount of time between each uptime check request. Valid values are: `60`, `300`, `600`, `1200`, `1800`, and `3600`.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the request. Valid values are: `GET`, `POST`, `HEAD`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `PATCH`, and `OPTIONS`.
- `name` (String) The name of this monitor.
- `organization` (String) The organization slug or internal ID to create the monitor for.
- `project` (String) The project slug or internal ID to create the monitor for.
- `timeout_ms` (Number) The request timeout in milliseconds.
- `url` (String) The URL to monitor.

### Optional

- `body` (String) The request body to send. Only applicable for methods that support a body.
- `default_assignee` (Attributes) Sentry will assign new issues to this assignee. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_assignee))
- `description` (String) A description of the monitor. Will be used in the resulting issue.
- `downtime_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive failed checks required to mark monitor as down. Defaults to 3.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the monitor is enabled. Defaults to true.
- `headers` (Attributes List) The headers to send with the request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--headers))
- `recovery_threshold` (Number) Number of consecutive successful checks required to mark monitor as recovered. Defaults to 1.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal ID of this monitor.

<a id="nestedatt--default_assignee"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_assignee`

Optional:

- `team_id` (String) The team internal ID to assign new issues to. Conflicts with `user_id`.
- `user_id` (String) The user ID to assign new issues to. Conflicts with `team_id`.


<a id="nestedatt--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `key` (String) The header key.
- `value` (String) The header value.
